so you have you have um Mr burum yes the
pen Dragon cycle and Snow White and the
evil queen right so is that a good order
to discuss them in they are yes so let's
start with Mr B Mr buram is coming out
very soon and what is that Mr buram is
an animated
comedy here's a look at the trailer for
Mr
buram when I was a kid men were men now
everyone's wrapped up in feeling
real men stuff feelings down with red
meat cigarettes and
violence you and the geriatric Girl
Scouts will be bed out in an hour burum
buram Mr buram bam B Richard buram let
the record show him a dick watch Mr
burum an all new animated series from
daily wire plus now
streaming it is inspired by a character
that Adam Corolla has been doing on His
Radio show for years he's a this is
series and TV series TV series yeah um
it is you know he is a cogy shop teacher
that is like wood shop teacher in
schools who is incredibly traditional
incredibly you know everything he does
is tangible it is about as traditional
as you can get working with you know
tools and wood and he's watching as the
world just changes around him as things
get more technologically advanced as the
world gets more Progressive as the
school is trying to push him out yeah um
saying your job is not as important and
so it follows
his and what role do you play play his
daughter I see I see and and what what's
the character of his daughter uh she's
incredibly it actually reminds me a lot
of myself she's incredibly
precocious um very smart very close with
her father
um and who's who's the target market for
it I think the target market is people
that have felt abandoned by comedy who
watch you know animated TV shows who
adult is it an adult adult series adult
okay um and who are wanting comedy that
is
truthful that is not afraid to pull
punches um that I think that the common
man will relate to it has some Sati I
wouldn't say that it is satire but it
has many satial elements to it it's the
writing is incredible they brought me on
and I didn't really know what to expect
and I had done voice over a lot um had
not done it in a few years and that's
always interesting because it you know I
we recorded this whole series I play
very significant role in it have not met
met Adam yet I have not you know Megan
Kelly plays my mother in it I have never
met Megan yet uh I'm meeting her next
week for the first time but you record
all of this she powerful force she is
yeah yeah and she's done she's done
extremely well on her own yeah yeah so
you know two thumbs up for her yes yeah
we brought her in for that and um but
you record it all remote and so I only
got to see bits and pieces of it I knew
that the scripts were fantastic and then
I started to sort of see the it launch
um it launches this month oh it does
yeah okay and that's on the daily wire
yes that'll be on daily wire okay let's
talk about the pen Dragon cycle yes so I
that's a huge Enterprise for daily wire
they' poured a tremendous amount of
resources into it it's the biggest swing
we've ever taken yeah the Jeremy has
ever so walk through it I talked to
Jeremy a bit about it on my podcast but
let's hear it from your perspective so p
cycle and I'm sure Jeremy told you this
it is his favorite book series yeah from
the beginning I mean he has wanted to
create this TV show for 30 plus years
this is something he's thought about
dreamed about has physically written
scripts for and it was finally the time
when we had the resources it was a
cultural moment he was able to step away
to direct a majority of it he was the
showrunner he produced it he wrote a
significant portion of it um This truly
is his
I mean I can't speak for him but in
speaking with him while we were there
and seeing him work this is probably the
most important thing that he's ever
done and we went to Hungary I was there
for five months he was there for seven
months and I was the were you recording
your podcast during that as well yeah
yeah so we um I was the only daily wire
host that is in the show what role did
you play um I play Merlin's wife so it
is an aurian Legacy
tale of um and and it follows the rise
of Christianity through the lens of an
Aran like not speaking right not legacy
um and so I play Merlin's wife and she
is she a good wife or she very she's a
very good wife she's a good she's a good
character she is yes she's a very very
fun character to play she is she has a
really beautiful balance of being
incredibly strong but also being very
feminine and very empathetic and very
sympathetic for um to Merlin's very
unique
experiences um and it was it was just a
very very fun character to play and I
saw a lot of myself in her I got to do
stunts that I've never done before
um it was amazing it was fantastic it
was a lot it was very very hard work we
were filming show how long did you do
itth five months so right and how many
how many hours were were fil you know
for the for the final series any idea
what's going to come out of it I have no
idea yet and I know that they'll
probably like they'll have a first edit
and then they'll cut it down and that
kind of stuff but have you seen any of
the edits I haven't yet Jeremy's
protected and when is it supposed to be
when is that supposed to launch I'm not
sure yet okay yeah uh they're in full
post- production now I think that there
is already a first round of edits that
is finished and now they're we have so
much VFX that um that is going to go
into this so many VFX um there's just a
lot of post-production that has to be
done but the very cool thing is even
though we are using some VFX we did 90 %
of everything that you will see on the
screen practically we physically did it
all there was a the series starts with
an incredible sequence with Spanish Bull
leapers and they were physically jumping
over these Bulls one of my best friends
who played the lead in pend Dragon Rose
Reed she was in the arena with these
Bulls she trained for months to be able
to look like one of these bull leapers
she was having to navigate around the
Bulls I was on Horseback with a spear
jumping over streams you know chasing
AAR um we were physically fighting if
there was an explosion that you see on
screen we felt the fire there's a scene
where I'm you know running through
putting out a fire I was basically
covered in fire protection which is like
a goop that you put on so that you can't
be set on fire running through fire as
people were being fully set on fire
around me it was absolutely incredible
there was I mean they did not hold back
good thing you said yes to the daily
word is kidding and it's also it's very
special
because it's very full circle because I
get to go back and do what I love more
than anything which tell stories but I
get to do it with people who I love and
Trust who I know are not exploiting me
as a child actor who share my values and
are genuinely creating content for the
betterment of other people right well
that's a good deal it is I I I would
read scripts that I would be sent in
Hollywood and I would I would look at it
I say I I don't want to watch this like
these are terrible characters they're
sharing terrible messages I don't even
want to be a vessel through which this
gets out to the public right right and I
knew that and you had you didn't have
that feeling with the pen Dragon no it's
an incredible story I haven't had that
feeling with anything that I've done
with AWI I think Mr burum is incredible
I can stand by behind that completely
the pen Dragon cycle is a perfect mix of
something that is Meaningful in terms of
its values and what it promotes and the
values of the characters that you will
fall in love with while also being
something that is beautiful and that
people objectively can enjoy you're not
going to sit down and say oh I'm
watching you know I'm watching a
Christian TV show you're going to enjoy
it because it actually is very good but
you can know that the people who made it
the hours that were put in I mean Jeremy
barely slept for seven months but I've
also never seen him happier because this
was yeah I gained massive respect for
him watching this take place um and he
did it masterfully and so you can feel
good watching that and it's incredible
being an actor in that environment and
being a vessel because you really are a
vessel you go there you stand and you
mold yourself to the character and you
lose a lot of yourself in doing that if
you hate the project and if you hate the
character you're playing but if you're
able to love the character if you're
able to love the production and the
story you're telling it makes it so much
more meaningful and you feel like you're
actually part of something that can
impact audiences can impact the culture
in a really important way um so let's
talk about let's close with Snow White
and the evil queen so you pick to play
Snow wi yes
yeah once upon a
[Music]
time in time a prince would come
once upon a time but now that time is
[Music]
gone so we announced it when we
announced bent key which is our
Children's Division
and I think a lot of people assume that
we had already filmed the movie when we
released the trailer it was very
backwards we did not do that I was we
were we were maybe a week into filming
pen dragon and I get a text from Jeremy
he just goes where are you like I'm at
my apartment and he says I need you to
meet me at the prey can you be here in
five minutes and that was maybe an eight
minute walk like yes if you D me ask
anything you say yes I'll be there um
Sprint out of the apartment I get to the
lobby of the pr I sit down and he
says we want to do something that could
be it might be impossible and this was
at the time that every it was during the
SAG strike but everything was going
viral about Disney Snow White um
everything
Disney of the social order and the
demolition of the narrative what of the
traditional narrative let's just rewrite
this be great every time oh yeah yeah
we'll we'll improve it yeah yeah these
not secret gay agenda mhmh um and so
that was in the middle of all of this
happening and I had obviously been
following it I had done episodes about
it no the gay agenda is a mask it's just
a destructive agenda it is it's just a
de it's a demolition agenda with of all
Traditional Values we're pro inclusion
that's the mask that's the mask that's
so that if you attack it you sound like
a bigot yeah then you can't it's fair
yes they yeah no no we're just bringing
in the marginalized it's like yeah wait
till you invite the real monsters out
from underneath the Rocks you and you
bringing in the marginalized we're
starting to see that happen already oh
yeah yeah the maps the maps yeah oh no
there's worse monsters than them right
no no no no matter how bad there's no
limit to what people are capable of
doing right and so as you see one
extreme emerge you can be absolutely
100% sure that that new margin has a
multiplicity of more extreme margins on
its Fringe and there's no end to that
well the end is that everything
collapses that's that's how this has
happened historically yes so okay so
Snow White where where are you where
where where are you with this project we
are in pre-production yeah you went to
see Jeremy and he told oh yeah so I went
to see Jeremy and this was as everything
with Snow White was happening and people
were very disappointed very upset about
the way that Disney was rolling out this
project um the way that they were they
picked such a fun actress
too it was um and you know I I'm a
you've now heard me speak for I don't
know how many hours we've been talking
but about my love of literature and
stories and I grew up reading classic
literature I grew up reading the
traditional stories I grew up reading
Grims and I love the stories underneath
these fairy tales and so as somebody who
is more traditional and has a love and
appreciation for stories it's very it's
sad to watch these stories be completely
destructed for that agenda and so I had
been watching this and commenting on it
and so Jeremy brings me in and say
luckily luckily they fail they do
because they're dull and and pry and and
obvious and transgressive in the in the
in the Casual manner not in the creative
manner right um yeah Jeremy said we want
to do the impossible and we want to we
want to do our own Snow White and we
want to do it in line with the values
with which It Was Written we want to
honor the story and we want you to play
Snow White and Jeremy had been watching
no audition well I think my audition had
been the first month of pen Dragon I
understand your audition um but I but he
hadn't even really seen me act before
that he had you know watched my TV shows
and that kind of thing but he really saw
me during pen Dragon uhuh right right
and so this was about a month into pen
dragon or so and he said I'm going to
keep you updated working on a script and
at that time I think he had a very
ambitious goal because that's when snow
might was still going to be released
right around this time he was like let's
try to film it during pend dragon and I
was like okay well we'll see how this
goes that did not happen and I'm very
glad that it didn't because I think we
will do the
story um justice justice yes with the
the right amount of time in the prep and
we got back
from no actually I'm skipping over the
story of how we uh created the trailer
but Jeremy started working on music and
he had this idea for the trailer knew
that we were going to be announcing the
roll out of beny and you know the 100
episodes of children's content that we
had on the platform he wanted Snow White
and the evil queen to be the first
feature film that we do
on benkey and so I got a
call probably at 4:00 in the afternoon
and he said I want you to fly to trento
Italy tomorrow because that's where we
had been filming pen dragon that week we
jumped back and forth between Italy and
Hungary I want you to get on a plane and
you're going to fly out and we have a
costume that's being worked on for you
um they're going to finish it in the
next six hours on the plane with you and
you're going to fly out to torento drive
you're fly to Milan drive four hours up
to trentino wake up the next morning
you're going to come come up onto a
mountain another hour of drive and then
stand in this forest and sing and Jeremy
was sending me oh gosh I still have the
recordings on my phone one day I'll leak
them to the public but it's Jeremy on
his on a piano app on his phone and it's
what you hear in the
trailer and he's singing it he has an
amazing voice and he's an incredibly
musician and so we sent me the lyrics he
sent me the song and he said can you
have this ready by tomorrow I said sure
and this man he I have never had to sing
this high before and I'm a soprano but
I'm not that soprano I texted M of
Jeremy this is not gonna you know I
sound like tweey bird and so we went
back and forth and he sent me one in a
lower octave I said this is much better
and he was all nervous he was going
breath this sounds really low meanwhile
I'm thinking this is not really high um
so I get up to Italy we record it um we
record it in the middle of shooting Pand
Dragon so in the middle of the scene
some of my other pen Dragon cast is six
feet away and at this point they don't
even know we're doing so because it has
not been announced to anyone Jeremy said
do not tell your mom do not tell Alex do
not tell anybody we have like three
people who know that this is happening
nobody can know so I'm sitting here in
this princess dress thinking this is
really not the Wardrobe that everybody
else is wearing they're going to know
I'm like huddled up literally hidden the
rest of the cast is over doing something
else Jeremy says hey we're going to film
a little commercial for a daily wire
thing that we have to do gets the crew
to turn around points the cameras on me
and we film this teaser and then I fly
back to Budapest and I keep going on
comment section and keep going on
Pendragon and then I wait to hear what
we're going to do with it and then it
launches with Ben key with a beny roll
out huge success and then I keep I just
sit and I wait I'm like all right Jeremy
when are we going to film this got back
to Nashville we wrapped pen Dragon it
was a raging success I truly think
people are going to love the series and
then we've now rolled into
pre-production for Snow White and evil
queen so I'm in voice lessons you know
three to four times a week I was
classically trained as a singer when I
was young but I moved more into po when
I was older and have not sung seriously
in many years and so I'm retraining that
muscle um I'm in dance classes every
week it's a musical um we're super
excited about it uh and that's what I
can tell you and there's a lot of people
that I see comments every single day and
they're like what can you tell us about
X Y and Z it's all coming soon um we'll
be able to share more soon but it is an
incredible adventure and it's just
always a joy and an honor to collaborate
with Jeremy specifically I mean he's
incredibly creative he takes incredible
risks I think I've
learned I've learned even more about
risk-taking by working for him and
working with him that was one thing that
I felt incredibly comfortable with and
excited about when I came to Nashville
and I came to DA wire was I could not
have asked for better mentors in the
people that I'm surrounded with I mean I
again I told you I I got this job when I
was 19 and I walk into a room and I was
you know with Jeremy boring and Dallas
son who was one of the you know greatest
producers to come out of Hollywood in
recent years has just an incredible
story um Michael nolles Matt Walsh Ben
you know can I mean just you I mean just
the fact that I remember meeting you
when we were about to
announce that you were joining daily
wire and you were doing a photo shoot
and I was in my studio and I think you
would ask could I meet the YouTube girl
and I about just like fell out of my
chair
um but I'm I just could not have asked
for a better group of people and I you
know they encourage me I grow every
single day not just in my career but I
learned from all of you you know
emotionally and spiritually and in my
personal life and that's just an
incredible incredible gift typical
Hollywood Story
[Music]